now he's only eight years old but he's
about to hit the airwaves as a
record-breaking DJ Jack Hill from Weston
super Mare has been working the decks
since the age of three he's proved so
popular that a local radio station has
given him his own show as Alan Reece
wrench reports
hey I'm DJ J Hill on snow Somerset star
radio and this is mica
he's so small he barely fits into his
chair yet this weekend
DJ jack will be taking to the airwaves
with his very own show his superstar DJ
definitely knows where the attraction
lies it's quite extraordinary really
because everything in his life at score
everything revolves around
discos and DJing I think it's amazing
what he's done really is I'm really
proud of him
jack is no stranger to the spotlight
this is him taking to the stage for his
first professional gig at the age of six
it was when he was DJing at a music
festival in weston-super-mare that he
was discovered by star radio when he'd
finished his set before the next band
came on I brought Matt on the stage said
look this was your DJ got like a load of
sort of response cheering and shouting
and stuff all right okay have a little
chat with him on the stage and then
thought okay would you like to be on the
radio and he said yep and we managed to
get me to do a show but Jack isn't just
a star of the airwaves he's gone down in
history in the Guinness Book of Records
for his achievements he's the youngest
person in history to DJ in a nightclub
but this weekend he will be spinning the
records rather than breaking them and
has a message for all music fans make
sure you tune in to my show on Sunday
star radio Ellie Louise Rindge in
weston-super-mare for the West today